Lav et lille spil om hvordan du har det
Med at du ikke syntes der er nok tid til at opfylde alle de mål du har, i den tidsramme du vil nå dem i

WHERE ARE MY KEYS!?
Puzzle spil hvor man kaster physics objekter rundt for at finde sine nøgler. Bliver mere og mere absurd længere inde i spillet.

Features der mangler:
DONEZO 	At kunne gå rundt (Standard Unity 1st person controller?)
At kunne kaste ting.
Levels!

C:\Users\Simon\Documents\_Unity Projects\WHERE ARE MY KEYS

Pick-up check. Snaps to fixed distance from players (maybe goes slightly transparent? Look into later)

Types of picking up:
	Object becomes "ghostly" and goes through things until dropped.
		Distance from camera remains the same, no rotation.
		Snaps to a fixed distance, no rotation
	Object becomes ghostly until taken out of any colliders.
		Same distance, no rotation
		Fixed distance, no rotation.
	Object moves the middle of object to nearest desired point while keeping collissions
		As a child of the cam
			Same distance
				With or without rotation
			fixed distance
				With out without rotation
		Physics-based (like lerp, but with a position)
			Same options as above.
Distance that object is from player can also vary from object to object. Could be inherent to objects or tags they are given.

Shoot out a raycast to check if there's anything in front of the player (and give it edge-glow if there is)
If the player presses the pick-up key
	Objects is set as a child of player object (maybe? Is it even necessary?)
	Player accesses object to find inherent trait for how far away from player it should float
	Object position-lerps to that position as best as possible (as it'll calculate from middle of object)
	Rotation is either unhandled or completely stopped. Depends on what works best.
		As in, would things fall down if their center of gravity is off-balance? Who knows...

Todo: Get a highlight shader going, then find a way to enable/disable when the object is close enough and is mouse over.
	HOW TO DO THE HIGHLIGHT: Get an edge detection outline shader that can be applied to a material. Then figure out a way to get that material toggled when they player hovers over the object.
		It would be super amazingly awesome, but it's a shit-ton of work for a small prototype when considering that the easy methods don't like low-poly objects (as the game would have), and the "correct"
		methods are super complicated and I don't know how to do them. So for now, it's just a simple color-change between rest/hover/pick-up.

Consider exaggerating targetDirection vector for more wacky results when dragging shit around. And to maybe avoid hitting the player.
	Could just make object and player not collide, though. Would save some hassle.